[Music]
Hey how's it going Dave Judy here and
this is the 34 UC 89 from LG it's their
new widescreen gaming display and it's
awesome I got to thank LG for sending
this thing out for me to check out and
for sponsoring this video because
they're actually running a contest for
you guys to win one you can win one of
these displays or the grand prize is a
$10,000 gaming setup it's pretty crazy
I'll link all that stuff below but first
let's check out this display 34 inches
IPS panel with good color gamut and it's
slightly curved so you can get that
visual wraparound when you're playing
games but most importantly this thing
runs at 144 Hertz and has Nvidia g-sync
the resolution is 2560 by 1080 it's not
particularly high-res but if your main
goal is to play games well this
resolution is perfect you can get high
resolution screens obviously but unless
you have insanely good hardware you're
going to get a better viewing experience
and gaming experience on this thing
where you don't ever have to scale 1440p
and 4k gaming sounds great but when
you're actually playing running around
trying to kill players before they kill
you
high resolution doesn't matter very much
the big thing is frame rate the
difference from being able to see 144
Hertz versus a regular 60 Hertz panel is
massive so if you have good hardware and
you can get good frame rates and games
this display is awesome for it and if
you're running a high-end laptop but it
has a 60 Hertz screen docking - this
thing is really nice it also has Nvidia
g-sync so if you have an innovative card
it will minimize any kind of visual
artifacts or tearing that you would see
in games stuff just looks super buttery
smooth on this plane now higher refresh
rates are amazing but it's not something
you can experience from watching a video
because my videos are being displayed in
24 frames per second but if you can see
these higher frame rates in person it
looks really nice and you'll notice the
difference right away I also want to
talk about the widescreen element so the
fact that it's a 21 by 9 aspect ratio
for some games the widescreen thing just
makes the game look lot better and the
curvature gives a very immersive
experience for those games it's a visual
treat right it's nice to have something
wide but it doesn't give you a
competitive advantage just because you
have a wider screen but there are games
like Rainbow six siege where having a
wide screen like this does give you an
actual advantage a very perceptible
advantage when you're in game with the
same fov you're actually seeing more and
have noticed that most Pro rainbows
players are using wide screens because
of that advantage you're literally
seeing more than players that aren't
using wide screen display or laptop
standing you can securely container
their Hardware on this thing is nice it
seems really well built support from the
back are easy to access you don't have
to look from underneath or anything and
the menu is also super intuitive you get
a bunch of game modes to choose from you
can overclock the refresh rates to 166
hurts instead of the stock 144 and
there's even a crosshair menu to put
some sights into games that don't have
sights and I don't know how I feel about
that because that's a pretty distinct
advantage for people that have this
monitor but that's what makes it an
awesome gaming monitor ok
LG 34 UC 89 starts at $1000 and if
you're interested in winning one for
yourself LG is running a contest
it's the 2017 ultra wide festival called
the dream quest and I've linked all the
details down in the description below
basically you make a short video clip
144 seconds or less and you talk about
why you want to win the display and the
prizes for the class get better and
better until the last quest has an
amazing grand prize of a $10,000 gaming
setup it's going to be nuts and if you
don't want to submit a video entry you
can also win these displays by
participating in like the voting and
stuff like that I'll link again full
details in the description ok hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs of you
likes it something you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]